Polished "Installing Smart Contracts and Querying Global State" (#1121)
casper-network/docs: source/docs/casper/developers/cli/installing-contracts.md

# Installing Smart Contracts and Querying Global State

> This document details the process of installing [Casper smart contracts](../writing-onchain-code/simple-contract.md) using the [Casper command-line client](../prerequisites.md#the-casper-command-line-client) and the `put-deploy` command. It further explains how to query the global state after contract deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document details the process of installing [Casper smart contracts](../writing-onchain-code/simple-contract.md) using the [Casper command-line client](../prerequisites.md#the-casper-command-line-client) and the `put-deploy` command. It further explains how to query the global state after contract installation.
```

We've generally tried to avoid using "Deploying" or "Deployment" when talking about a `Deploy`.

## Installing a Contract in Global State {#installing-contract-code}

To install a contract in [global state](../../concepts/glossary/G.md#global-state), you need to send a deploy to the network with the contract Wasm. You can do so by using the `put-deploy` command.

```bash
casper-client put-deploy \
  --node-address [NODE_SERVER_ADDRESS] \
  --chain-name [CHAIN_NAME] \
  --secret-key [KEY_PATH]/secret_key.pem \
  --payment-amount [PAYMENT_AMOUNT_IN_MOTES] \
  --session-path [CONTRACT_PATH]/[CONTRACT_NAME].wasm
```

The arguments used above are:
-   `node-address` - An IP address of a peer on the network. The default port for JSON-RPC servers on Mainnet and Testnet is 7777
-   `chain-name` - The chain name to the network where you wish to send the deploy. For Mainnet, use *casper*. For Testnet, use *casper-test*
-   `secret-key` - The file name containing the secret key of the account paying for the deploy
-   `payment-amount` - The payment for the deploy in motes
-   `session-path` - The path to the contract Wasm, which should point to wherever you compiled the contract (`.wasm` file) on your computer

> Once you call this command, it will return a deploy hash. You can use this hash to [verify](../dapps/sending-deploys.md#sending-the-deploy) that the deploy successfully took place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you call this command, it will return a deploy hash. You can use this hash to [verify](../dapps/sending-deploys.md#sending-the-deploy) successful execution of the deploy.
```

### Get the state root hash {#get-state-root-hash}

> The first step in querying the global state is obtaining the state root hash - it acts as an identifier for the current state of the network (global state). It is much like a Git commit ID for commit history, and it provides a snapshot of the blockchain state at a specific point in time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first step in querying the global state is obtaining the state root hash.  The state root hash acts as an identifier for the current state of the network (global state). It is like a Git commit ID for commit history, and it provides a snapshot of the blockchain state at a specific point in time.
```
